What's wrong?
Nothing, I should go.
Niannian.
You will definitely get better and better.
I wish you happiness.
Cheers.
Why does the wine taste so good today?
Niannian.
I asked you out to dinner today...
...because I wanted to announce some good news.
Fang Qiu and I are officially together.
I can tell.
You are my best friend.
Such a happy thing for me...
...I definitely had to tell you first.
Right, my dear?
Congratulations.
Thank you.
I think you treat me the best.
What, are you shy?
What's wrong with you?
Um...
I...
I have to go home today.
My mom is waiting for me.
You just got here, aren't you going to eat something before you go?
Niannian.
She went home.
Why did you invite Niannian out?
She is my best friend.
So, me falling in love is such a happy thing...
...it's only right that I tell her first.
Are you unhappy?
Or is it that...
...you like her?
And didn't want her to know?
Di Fu.
Eat by yourself.
I have no appetite.
Niannian, why are you here?
Why didn't you stay with Di Fu?
Niannian.
Actually, Di Fu and I...
Actually...
I think you two are a good match.
It's late, I'll take you home.
I'm not going home tonight.
Why?
Today I...
...came out because I fought with my mom.
Originally...
...I thought I'd stay at Di Fu's place.
But now...
...I don't want to go there anymore.
Because I...
Right.
Because of you.
I don't know why either.
Suddenly it turned out like this.
Thinking about it now...
...she seems to have been like this since we were little.
As long as it's mine...
...she likes it.
As long as it's mine, she steals it.
But aren't we best friends?
I'm sorry.
You don't need to apologize.
Niannian.
It's too late now.
It's unsafe outside.
How about this?
I'll find a nice hotel...
...and take you there for the night.
Let's go to your place.
Do you know?
Actually, today is my birthday.
Then...
...happy birthday.
To- Today you sleep here.
I- I'll go out first.
You- You rest early.
Di Fu.
Why are you here?
Di- Di Fu.
Didn't I tell you not to betray me?
Did you think I couldn't do anything to you?
Di Fu, listen to me, it's not...
Look at you.
On one side is my good sister...
...and you turn around and steal my man.
You're the one who likes stealing men, right?
No father, no mother, no upbringing.
So you just love stealing from others.
Are you sick?
You're the one who's sick!
Stop fighting!
Fine.
You recognize what this is, right?
Lin Niannian.
You know how many fans I have online, right?
Let me tell you.
Starting tomorrow,
I will make you the internet's
whore and the other woman.
Fang Qiu!
Do you really take me for a fool?
I want the truth. Speak up!
If you don't speak, I'll kill you!
No, no, no! Auntie, don't kill me!
It was Di Fu! Di Fu killed Lin Niannian!
It really has nothing to do with me!
Auntie, really! Really!
Niannian is really dead.
I'm going to kill you!
Ma Shan! Ma Shan!
You can't kill him.
If you kill him,
you will never find your daughter.
Lawyer Luo asked about it.
The road is passable tonight.
I can't wait any longer.
Call me if anything happens.
Also,
if I'm not back by tomorrow morning,
call the police.
I am a police officer.
I can help you.
My daughter has already been killed.
Even if she's dead, we must find the body.
Only then can we follow the clues,
and punish the murderer.
Right?
Auntie Ma, Inspector Qi is right.
Niannian is just missing.
She must be fine.
Do you know about the mother-daughter bond?
But what you are doing now is a crime.
If your daughter is still alive,
wouldn't you be ruining yourself?
Do you want to tell me,
what exactly happened before your daughter lost contact?
At that time, she said she didn't want to study anymore.
She wanted to livestream and be an influencer.
Auntie.
She also brought Di Fu...
Li Ren.
She brought Li Ren back home.
Haven't seen you in years.
Yes.
You've become more and more beautiful.
Thank you, Auntie.
Come, sit.
Come, come, just in time for dinner.
Mom, let me tell you.
Li Ren is now...
she's a big influencer.
She has millions of fans.
She makes over a hundred thousand a month just from ads.
By the way,
you've changed your name to Di Fu now.
From now on,
we have to call her Di Fu.
Di Fu.
Just posting photos and videos online...
makes that much money?
Mom.
It's not as simple as you think.
You don't understand anything.
Auntie, let me explain. I...
Sorry, Auntie.
I need to take this call.
Go ahead.
Hello?
A primer ad?
I can take it.
My schedule is...
an eight-hour workday.
Three thousand US dollars a day.
Three thousand US dollars... a day?
Overtime? I can't do overtime.
Eight hours.
Okay.
Let me think about it and call you back.
Thanks.
See, didn't I say it makes money?
I... let me explain to you.
My job is...
That way,
the manufacturers naturally make money.
Right, that's exactly how it works.
So I've decided,
I want to do this too, just like Di Fu.
Auntie, let me tell you,
Niannian is really smart.
If she works with me,
she'll surpass me in no time.
Really?
Really.
I know you won't listen to whatever I say anyway.
Fine, do it if you want.
Mom, you're the best!
Yes! My mom agreed.
I told you Auntie would agree.
Di Fu.
Thank you, Auntie.
You and Nana are like sisters.
Consider yourself my second daughter.
Come home for dinner often.
Auntie...
I haven't had a mom since I was little.
Can I take you as my adoptive mother?
Is that okay?
Godmother.
Yes, of course.
Then you can call me Godmother from now on.
Godmother.
Since then,
Di Fu often came to my house to visit me.
Bringing Niannian along,
If you like Niannian,
give Niannian a follow.
Niannian was very smart.
She learned everything quickly.
Before long,
she became an influencer.
She soon made a lot of money.
Look, see if it looks good on you.
It looks good.
Our lives gradually got better, too.
Perhaps seeing the money
made me lower my guard.
Until that red sports car appeared.